As soon as the door closed, Bo headed for the stairs heading into the main part of the house. He paused when Nick cleared his throat.

NOTE: Bo is Chinese. His full name is Bohai. They play in his basement. His parents aren't Tiger Parents.

"So, what do we do next?" Nick asked.

"You mean in-game or for real?" Scott dug into his book bag. "I was going to change into my sweats."

"I meant in general." Nick looked up from the binder in front of him. "After finals and graduation. My plans are kind of blown up for the summer... And my college plans don't make any sense any more."

No one spoke right away. Everyone was watching him. When Arwen realized no one was going to speak up, she asked, "What do you have in mind?"

NOTE: Arwen is the girl - mother is one-time hippy, addict, stepfather a type A Christian

Nick laughed. "Something different every five minutes. The options are kind of mind-blowing."

Scott extracted a pair of black sweatpants from his bag like a magician pulling a streamer out of his sleeve. "Name one."

NOTE: Scott is a heavy guy, already trending towards fat. He's written two games for Steam. His father is on disability and his mother works in the school cafeteria. They confiscate every dollar he makes and are still angry that he used money from his second game to buy a laptop.

Nick pursed his lips, but said quickly, "We travel around the world solving problems - Europe, Asia, Africa... just go from country to country figuring out how to spend all my unearned money to make the world a better place."

Again, there was a long pause. Dan broke the silence. "You would do that?"

Nick gave a one-shouldered shrug. "I'm considering it. I don't really know how I would do it, though. There are so many things we could work on and I've been getting an earful about unintended consequences. I have to think about it."

Scott frowned. "You wouldn't really give it all away. Would you? What about your kids?"

Nick laughed. "I don't even know if I'm going to have kids. But, I'm going to talk with the Stone Fund people about how they do it. They give tons of money and never run out."

Scott nodded. "Money makes money. If you've got billions, it probably generates millions more each year."

Nick rose and stretched. "The lawyers have said a lot about that, but I don't understand all of it yet."

Greg looked at his twin brother and seemed to receive some form of agreement. "So, how do we all fit into that?"

NOTE: Greg & Dan are twins.

Nick spread his arms. "You're my best friends. I want you all there with me - whatever I end up doing." When no one responded immediately, he added, "What? You didn't think I was just going to abandon you all and make new friends now that I'm filthy rich. Did you?"

Dan raised an eyebrow. "Statistically, it seemed probable."

Editte had slipped back into the room carrying an overnight bag. She'd somehow changed out of lawyer clothes into people clothes. "Maybe your friends are wondering how it's going to work. You're all graduating high school. You must have plans for the future."

Everyone made some sound of assent. Editte turned to Nick. "If it's weird talking to your friends about money, you and I can discuss your plans and I can answer their questions."

Nick frowned. "It's all right. I can talk to my friends. I don't need them to go through my lawyer. Right, guys?"

"Right," said Bo immediately. The twins and Arwen agreed a beat later. Scott and Parker didn't say anything.

When Nick opened his mouth to speak, Scott broke in. "I'd love to come hang with you wherever you go. But, my parents expect me to work this summer and go to Orange Community in September. If I tell them I'm planning to travel around the world with you giving away money, they're not going to say 'Good for you, son. Go make the world a better place.' They're going to ask how they're going to pay the bills if I don't have a paycheck."
